README.md, before:

# medical-information-system
Medical information system GUI in Java.

TO DO:

| No. 	 | Issue                                                                                                         	           | Fixed by 	 |
|-------|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|------------|
| 1   	 | Some appointments cannot be updated for unknown reason.                                                       	           | 	Szaki     |
| 2   	 | At patient creation screen, fields and input data should be controlled                                        	           | 	          |
| 3   	 | Add search functionality to frontend                                                                                     	 | 	          |
| 4   	 | loggedInUser object needs to be created to identify which user is currently logged in. (Dashboard.java)       	           | 	          |
| 5   	 | At appointment creation, created_by is set to 1. We need the loggedInUser to know who created the appointment 	           | 	          |
| 6   	 | Distinguish user based on credentials (admin, doctor, nurse, receptionist)                                    	           | 	          |
| 7   	 | Filling data on edit patient and record screens                                                               	           | Zsolti	    |
| 8   	 | All tables show deleted (=true) items                                                         	                           | Szaki	     |
| 9   	 | Implement delete patient function                                                                             	           | Zsolti     |
| 10  	 | Implement delete record function                                                                              	           | Zsolti	    |
| 11  	 | Implement update record function                                                                              	           | 	          |
| 12  	 | Add all blood groups to  blood group enum                                                             	                   | Simon	     |
| 13  	 | Alert messages should be added when updating/deleting/creating is un/successfull                                          | Szaki      |
| 14 	  | Password hashing                                                                                                          | Szaki      |
| 15 	  | Prescription.java get method by id, and all not deleted                                                                   | Szaki      |

Commit message:

Added printouts for affected rows in update/delete functions.

README.md, after:

# medical-information-system
Medical information system GUI in Java.

TO DO:

| No. 	 | Issue                                                                                                         	            | Fixed by 	 |
|-------|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|------------|
| 1   	 | Some appointments cannot be updated for unknown reason.                                                       	            | 	Szaki     |
| 2   	 | At patient creation screen, fields and input data should be controlled                                        	            | 	          |
| 3   	 | Add search functionality to frontend                                                                                     	 | 	          |
| 4   	 | loggedInUser object needs to be created to identify which user is currently logged in. (Dashboard.java)       	            | 	          |
| 5   	 | At appointment creation, created_by is set to 1. We need the loggedInUser to know who created the appointment 	            | 	          |
| 6   	 | Distinguish user based on credentials (admin, doctor, nurse, receptionist)                                    	            | 	          |
| 7   	 | Filling data on edit patient and record screens                                                               	            | Zsolti	    |
| 8   	 | All tables show deleted (=true) items                                                         	                            | Szaki	     |
| 9   	 | Implement delete patient function                                                                             	            | Zsolti     |
| 10  	 | Implement delete record function                                                                              	            | Zsolti	    |
| 11  	 | Implement update record function                                                                              	            | 	          |
| 12  	 | Add all blood groups to  blood group enum                                                             	                    | Simon	     |
| 13  	 | Alert messages should be added when updating/deleting/creating is un/successful                                            |            |
| 14  	 | Printing out how many rows was affected on update/delete                                                                   | Szaki      |
| 15 	  | Password hashing                                                                                                           | Szaki      |
| 16 	  | Prescription.java get method by id, and all not deleted                                                                    | Szaki      |
